Releases
========

1.4 (1.4.0.0) - May 28, 2012
----------------------------

- Application now returns integer representing application exit code upon termination (Feature #3528408).
- Upgraded to StyleCop 4.7.24.0.

1.3.1 (1.3.1.0) - February 5, 2012
----------------------------------

- Visual C# source files contained in subdirectories of ASP.NET web site directories are now included for analysis.
- Upgraded to VS File 1.2.1.0.

1.3 (1.3.0.0) - February 2, 2012
--------------------------------

- Upgraded to StyleCop 4.7.6.0.
- Added support for ASP.NET web site directories referenced in solution files that contain Visual C# source files.
- Upgraded to VS File 1.2.0.0.

1.2 (1.2.0.0) - December 14, 2011
---------------------------------

- User now informed if no source code files to analyze. This can occur when specifying file names using wildcard characters and no matches found.
- Added ability to use wildcard characters in place of file names and recursively search subdirectories for files to analyze.
- Upgraded to VS File 1.1.2.0.
- Added NAnt build file.

1.1.1 (1.1.1.0) - November 1, 2011
----------------------------------

- Non-C# project files are now skipped when reading solution files in `SolutionFile` class (Bug #3348878).
- Upgraded to VS File 1.0.1.0.
- Added missing StyleCop 4.6.3.0 assemblies.

1.1 (1.1.0.0) - October 15, 2011
--------------------------------

- Upgraded to StyleCop 4.6.3.0.
- Extracted all files in `InputFile` namespace into separate library: VS File 1.0.0.0.
- Upgraded to C# CLI 1.1.1.0.
- Project names containing periods can now be used for analysis (Bug #3348879).
- Upgraded solution and project to use Visual C# 2010 Express and .NET Framework 4.0.
- Added ability to specify individual Visual C# source files for analysis.

1.0 (1.0.0.0) - April 23, 2010
------------------------------

- Initial release.
